Google Analytics integration (#793)
ufersa/plataforma-sabia: packages/api/README.md

This project uses Bull for queue manager. Make sure you have Redis server (feel free to use docker or whatever method you prefer) up and running. Bull will by default try to connect to a Redis server running on localhost:6379. For development purposes it is possible monitoriing the queue using Bull Board dashboard. In `http://localhost:9999`.

## Analytics

In order to use google analytics integration, you should update the following environment variables:

```
GA_CLIENT_EMAIL=
GA_PRIVATE_KEY=
GA_VIEW_ID_SITE=
GA_VIEW_ID_BLOG=
```

> `GA_CLIENT_EMAIL` and `GA_PRIVATE_KEY` are used for google analytics authtentication. They can be
> found in [Google developer console](https://console.developers.google.com/). It's necessary log in with Sabia Platform gmail account, and go to the credentials menu. `GA_CLIENT_EMAIL` is a google service account for sabia platform google project. `GA_PRIVATE_KEY` is found in `.json` file downloaded. `GA_VIEW_ID_SITE` and `GA_VIEW_ID_BLOG` are a View ID. They are found in [Google Analytics site](https://analytics.google.com/), in the view part.

Reviewer: Can you review that too, @marcusmota?
```suggestion
The `GA_CLIENT_EMAIL` and` GA_PRIVATE_KEY` keys are used for Google Analytics authentication. They can be found in the [Google API Console](https://console.developers.google.com/) in the credentials menu.
- `GA_CLIENT_EMAIL` is a Google service account for the Google project of the platform you knew.
- `GA_PRIVATE_KEY` is found in the downloaded file` .json`.
- `GA_VIEW_ID_SITE` and` GA_VIEW_ID_BLOG` are a view ID. They are found on the [Google Analytics website](https://analytics.google.com/), in the preview section.
```
